c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Forms.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Platform.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Transformations.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Naylah.Xamarin.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Forms.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Platform.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Platform.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Transformations.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\FFImageLoading.Transformations.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.Views.GalleryPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.Views.ImageDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll.mdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll.mdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\obj\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll.mdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\ImageGalleryChooser\bin\Debug\ImageGalleryChooser.dll.mdb
